{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11360\viewh10420\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ----------------------------------------------------------------\
---------------Search Term Analytics-------------------\
----------------------------------------------------------------\
\

\b Analysis of Processed Data
\b0 \
\
\
\ul General Overview\ulnone \
The first thing to note about the search data is which terms were searched for the most.  Sorted by total unique searches, the top twenty search terms were:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Arboretum\
{\listtext	2.	}Library\
{\listtext	3.	}Mai fete\
{\listtext	4.	}transcript\
{\listtext	5.	}Goodhue\
{\listtext	6.	}Paul Wellstone\
{\listtext	7.	}Comps\
{\listtext	8.	}Reunion\
{\listtext	9.	}Goodsell\
{\listtext	10.	}Class of ----\
{\listtext	11.	}Gridley\
{\listtext	12.	}women's cabin\
{\listtext	13.	}Carletonian\
{\listtext	14.	}computer\
{\listtext	15.	}Women's League Cabin\
{\listtext	16.	}Lyman Lakes\
{\listtext	17.	}Seccombe House\
{\listtext	18.	}Wayne Carver\
{\listtext	19.	}Burton\
{\listtext	20.	}Theater\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Just looking at this list of top terms it is easy to see trends in what is being searched for.  First and foremost, places and especially buildings are of particular interest.  For example, out of the top 50 most searched terms, 22 were places, 15 of which were buildings.  Other than places, 6 of the top 50 were publications, and 4 were specific people (excluding Schiller).\
\
Another important metric is the % Search Refinement, which indicates the number of times a user searched again immediately after performing a search. This is especially significant for terms that have a high number of unique searches.  For example, \'93transcript\'94 has a pretty low % Search Refinement and a high Time after Search, indicating that users were successful in finding what they were looking for with just one search.  \'93Reunion,\'94 however, has the opposite. With a very high % Search Refinement and a short (18 seconds) Time after Search, it is pretty clear that this search term is not yielding satisfactory results.\
\
Notes for next time:\
I would like to redo the process with updated data.  This would allow both a fresh analysis with more data as well as give me a chance to condense some of the statistics that are currently separated without indication as to how many terms they apply to.\
\
}